Tests ran at 23 Apr 09 17 PM

0 tests passed out of 104 tests.

tests_original_race_car.py::test_car_constructor_for_object_creation_with_given_values: failed
tests_original_race_car.py::test_race_car_constructor_multiple_objects_creation_with_given_values: failed
tests_original_race_car.py::test_invalid_max_speed_attr: failed
tests_original_race_car.py::test_invalid_acceleration_attr: failed
tests_original_race_car.py::test_invalid_tyre_friction_attr: failed
tests_original_race_car.py::test_start_engine: failed
tests_original_race_car.py::test_start_engine_when_car_engine_is_started_twice: failed
tests_original_race_car.py::test_current_speed_to_zero_for_newly_created_car: failed
tests_original_race_car.py::test_current_speed_to_zero_even_after_engine_start: failed
tests_original_race_car.py::test_accelerate_when_car_engine_is_not_started: failed
tests_original_race_car.py::test_accelerate_with_different_acceleration_when_car_engine_is_not_started: failed
tests_original_race_car.py::test_accelerate_car: failed
tests_original_race_car.py::test_accelerate_car_with_different_acceleration: failed
tests_original_race_car.py::test_accelerate_car_more_than_max_limit: failed
tests_original_race_car.py::test_accelerate_car_with_different_acceleration_more_than_max_limit: failed
tests_original_race_car.py::test_apply_break_when_car_current_speed_is_more_than_tyre_friction: failed
tests_original_race_car.py::test_apply_break_with_different_acceleration_when_car_current_speed_is_more_than_tyre_friction: failed
tests_original_race_car.py::test_apply_break_when_car_current_speed_is_less_than_tyre_friction: failed
tests_original_race_car.py::test_apply_break_when_car_is_at_rest: failed
tests_original_race_car.py::test_sound_horn_when_car_engine_is_not_started: failed
tests_original_race_car.py::test_sound_horn_when_car_engine_is_started: failed
tests_original_race_car.py::test_stop_engine_when_car_engine_is_started: failed
tests_original_race_car.py::test_stop_engine_when_car_is_running: failed
tests_original_race_car.py::test_stop_engine_when_car_engine_is_already_stopped: failed
tests_original_race_car.py::test_encapsulation: failed
tests_original_race_car.py::test_race_car_constructor_for_object_creation_with_given_values: failed
tests_original_race_car.py::test_sound_horn_when_race_car_engine_is_not_started: failed
tests_original_race_car.py::test_sound_horn_when_race_car_engine_is_started: failed
tests_original_race_car.py::test_accelerate_race_car_when_race_car_engine_is_not_started: failed
tests_original_race_car.py::test_accelerate_race_car_when_multiple_race_cars_started: failed
tests_original_race_car.py::test_accelerate_race_car_more_than_max_limit: failed
tests_original_race_car.py::test_race_truck_constructor_for_object_creation_with_given_values: failed
tests_original_race_car.py::test_nitro_update_on_break: failed
tests_original_race_car.py::test_decrease_nitro_on_accelerate: failed
tests_original_race_car.py::test_on_using_nitro_setting_current_speed: failed
tests_original_race_car.py::test_on_using_nitro_setting_current_speed_with_rounding: failed
tests_original_race_car.py::test_increasing_nitro_on_continous_apply_of_brakes: failed
tests_original_car.py::test_car_constructor_for_object_creation_with_given_values: failed
tests_original_car.py::test_car_constructor_for_multiple_objects_creation_with_given_values: failed
tests_original_car.py::test_invalid_max_speed_attr: failed
tests_original_car.py::test_invalid_acceleration_attr: failed
tests_original_car.py::test_invalid_tyre_friction_attr: failed
tests_original_car.py::test_start_engine: failed
tests_original_car.py::test_start_engine_with_multiple_car_instances: failed
tests_original_car.py::test_start_engine_when_car_engine_is_started_twice: failed
tests_original_car.py::test_current_speed_to_zero_for_newly_created_car: failed
tests_original_car.py::test_current_speed_to_zero_even_after_engine_start: failed
tests_original_car.py::test_accelerate_when_car_engine_is_not_started: failed
tests_original_car.py::test_accelerate_with_different_acceleration_when_car_engine_is_not_started: failed
tests_original_car.py::test_accelerate_car: failed
tests_original_car.py::test_accelerate_car_with_different_acceleration: failed
tests_original_car.py::test_accelerate_car_more_than_max_limit: failed
tests_original_car.py::test_accelerate_car_with_different_acceleration_more_than_max_limit: failed
tests_original_car.py::test_apply_break_when_car_current_speed_is_more_than_tyre_friction: failed
tests_original_car.py::test_apply_break_when_car_current_speed_is_less_than_tyre_friction: failed
tests_original_car.py::test_apply_break_when_car_is_at_rest: failed
tests_original_car.py::test_apply_break_with_different_acceleration_when_car_is_at_rest: failed
tests_original_car.py::test_sound_horn_when_car_engine_is_not_started: failed
tests_original_car.py::test_sound_horn_when_car_engine_is_started: failed
tests_original_car.py::test_stop_engine_when_car_engine_is_started: failed
tests_original_car.py::test_stop_engine_when_multiple_cars_are_started: failed
tests_original_car.py::test_stop_engine_when_car_is_running: failed
tests_original_car.py::test_stop_engine_when_car_engine_is_already_stopped: failed
tests_original_car.py::test_encapsulation: failed
tests_original_truck.py::test_truck_constructor_for_object_creation_with_given_values: failed
tests_original_truck.py::test_truck_constructor_for_multiple_objects_creation_with_given_values: failed
tests_original_truck.py::test_invalid_max_speed_attr: failed
tests_original_truck.py::test_invalid_acceleration_attr: failed
tests_original_truck.py::test_invalid_tyre_friction_attr: failed
tests_original_truck.py::test_start_engine: failed
tests_original_truck.py::test_start_engine_when_car_engine_is_started_twice: failed
tests_original_truck.py::test_current_speed_to_zero_for_newly_created_car: failed
tests_original_truck.py::test_current_speed_to_zero_even_after_engine_start: failed
tests_original_truck.py::test_accelerate_when_car_engine_is_not_started: failed
tests_original_truck.py::test_accelerate_car: failed
tests_original_truck.py::test_accelerate_car_with_different_acceleration: failed
tests_original_truck.py::test_accelerate_car_more_than_max_limit: failed
tests_original_truck.py::test_accelerate_car_with_different_acceleration_more_than_max_limit: failed
tests_original_truck.py::test_apply_break_when_car_current_speed_is_more_than_tyre_friction: failed
tests_original_truck.py::test_apply_break_for_car_with_different_acceleration_current_speed_is_more_than_tyre_friction: failed
tests_original_truck.py::test_apply_break_when_car_current_speed_is_less_than_tyre_friction: failed
tests_original_truck.py::test_apply_break_when_car_is_at_rest: failed
tests_original_truck.py::test_sound_horn_when_car_engine_is_not_started: failed
tests_original_truck.py::test_sound_horn_when_car_engine_is_started: failed
tests_original_truck.py::test_stop_engine_when_car_engine_is_started: failed
tests_original_truck.py::test_stop_engine_when_car_is_running: failed
tests_original_truck.py::test_stop_engine_when_car_engine_is_already_stopped: failed
tests_original_truck.py::test_sound_horn_when_truck_engine_is_not_started: failed
tests_original_truck.py::test_sound_horn_when_truck_engine_is_started: failed
tests_original_truck.py::test_load_cargo_when_current_truck_load_is_less_than_max_limit_and_is_at_rest: failed
tests_original_truck.py::test_load_cargo_when_current_truck_load_is_more_than_max_limit_and_is_at_rest: failed
tests_original_truck.py::test_load_cargo_when_current_truck_load_is_less_than_max_limit_and_is_in_motion: failed
tests_original_truck.py::test_load_cargo_when_truck_is_started_and_is_at_rest: failed
tests_original_truck.py::test_load_cargo_when_truck_is_stopped_and_current_speed_is_zero: failed
tests_original_truck.py::test_load_cargo_when_truck_is_stopped_and_current_speed_is_not_zero: failed
tests_original_truck.py::test_load_cargo_when_multiple_trucks_are_started_and_loaded_at_rest: failed
tests_original_truck.py::test_unload_cargo_when_current_truck_load_is_more_than_given_weight_and_is_at_rest: failed
tests_original_truck.py::test_load_cargo_with_invalid_data: failed
tests_original_truck.py::test_unload_cargo_with_invalid_data: failed
tests_original_truck.py::test_unload_cargo_when_current_truck_load_is_more_than_given_weight_and_is_in_motion: failed
tests_original_truck.py::test_unload_cargo_when_truck_is_started_and_current_speed_is_zero: failed
tests_original_truck.py::test_unload_cargo_when_truck_is_stopped_and_current_speed_is_zero: failed
tests_original_truck.py::test_unload_cargo_when_truck_is_stopped_and_current_speed_is_not_zero: failed
tests_original_truck.py::test_encapsulation: failed


Errors: 0 errors

